1.	ABSTRACT:
Movie recommendations are essential so that the user would not have to waste a lot of time searching for a movie that he/she might like. Through an evaluation procedure based on browsing history and user preferences, a recommendation system offers ideas to the users. The user's information is used as input. The data is derived from input that is presented as surfing data. This data reflects both the ratings that have been given and how the product has been used in the past. 
Thus, the movie recommendation system plays an important role to get users personalized recommendations. The main goal of this is to build a recommendation engine that recommends movies to its users. Usually, the basic recommendation system to make recommendations considers one of the following factors; User preference known as content-based Filtering, or the preference of similar users known as collaborative filtering. To create a stable and accurate recommender system will use item-based filtering.
Keywords: Recommendation

2.	INTRODUCTION:
A recommendation system provides suggestions to the users through a filtering process that is based on user preferences and browsing history. The information about the user is taken as input. The information is taken from the input that is in the form of browsing data. This information reflects the prior usage of the product as well as the assigned ratings. 
The user should not have to spend a lot of time looking for a movie that he or she would enjoy, which is why movie recommendations are so important. As a result, the movie recommendation system is crucial for providing customers with tailored recommendations. Building a recommendation engine that makes movie recommendations to users is the major objective of this. The basic recommendation system often takes into account either the user's choice (known as content-based filtering) or the preference of other users who share their preferences (known as collaborative filtering) when making recommendations. Item-based filtering will be used to develop a reliable and accurate recommender system.
A recommendation system is a platform that provides its users with various content based on their preferences and likings. A recommendation system takes the information about the user as input. A recommendation system also finds a similarity between the different products. For example, Netflix Recommendation System provides you with the recommendations of the movies that are similar to the ones that have been watched in the past. Furthermore, there is a collaborative content filtering that provides you with the recommendations concerning other users who might have a similar viewing history or preferences. There are two types of recommendation systems–Content-Based Recommendation Systems and Collaborative filtering recommendations. The proposed work presents a framework to extend the functionalities of the existing system. 



